[GRUNTING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
C'MON, OPEN UP!
KNOCK IT OFF, NERVIN.
IT'S NOT GONNA BUDGE.
HEY, COME ON, LET US
OUTTA HERE ALREADY!
ANY OF YOU GUYS
SEE WHO THOSE THUGS
WERE?
Tank: I COULDN'T SEE ANYTHING.
I WAS SO SCARED,
I HAD MY EYES CLOSED.
I WISH THEY'D FEED US... AW!
OR AT THE VERY LEAST,
TELL US WHAT WE'RE DOING
IN HERE.
Announcer: LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
THE MOST INTENSE DUEL WE'VE SEEN
SO FAR HAS ROARED TO A CLOSE.
YUSEI HAS DEFEATED THE BLACK
ROSE AND EMERGED AS THE WINNER!
NOW HE FACES OFF AGAINST JACK
ATLAS IN THE FORTUNE CUP FINALE!
CAN IT REALLY BE?
LUNA, YOU'RE A SIGNER!
Leo:
SHE'S A WHAT?!
[GRUNT]
OK, THIS IS NEW.
LAST TIME,
THIS MARK VANISHED.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
SO NOW YOU KNOW WHO 4
OF THE 5 SIGNERS ARE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
SO WHEN YOU DUEL YUSEI,
BE SURE TO PUSH HIM
TO HIS LIMITS
BECAUSE THE POWER
YOUR DUEL GENERATES
WILL REVEAL THE FIFTH SIGNER
AND UNITE YOU ALL.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
GUYS!
LISTEN. YOU HAVE TO
GET LUNA OUTTA HERE.
YUSEI!
LUNA'S GOT A MARK.
SHE'S A SIGNER
LIKE YOU!
THAT'S WHY YOU NEED
TO GET HER OUT OF HERE,
LIKE, NOW.
I'M THINKING
IT'S DANGEROUS
FOR US SIGNERS
TO BE NEAR EACH OTHER.
LOOK AT WHAT HAPPENED
DURING MY LAST DUEL
WITH AKIZA.
YUSEI, DO YOU KNOW
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
I'LL TELL YA'
WHAT I FIND OUT
AFTER I SEE GOODWIN.
FOR NOW, HEAD TOWARD
BLISTER'S PLACE,
AND DON'T STOP
FOR ANYONE!
OHH.
I'M SURE EVERYTHING'S
GONNA BE OK.
WE HAD BETTER DO
WHAT HE SAYS, KIDS.
FOLLOW ME
AND STAY CLOSE BEHIND.
Man: STOP RIGHT THERE.
[GASP]
HMM.
Lazar:
YOU WEREN'T PLANNING
TO LEAVE, WERE YOU?
[GRUNT]
AND WHAT IF WE WERE?!
WELL, DIRECTOR GOODWIN
WOULD LIKE YOU TO STAY
AND ENJOY THE REST
OF THE TOURNAMENT.
[GIGGLING]
WELL, YOU TELL GOODWIN
THAT WE'RE SICK OF
HIM TELLING PEOPLE
WHAT TO DO!
SAY, DID YOU KNOW
THAT YUSEI HAS FRIENDS
BACK IN THE SATELLITE
SECTOR?
[GIGGLING]
[GRUNT]
HMM. I HEARD THAT
THEY WENT MISSING
A FEW DAYS AGO.
I HOPE NOTHING BAD
HAPPENS TO THEM.
SO I THINK
IT WOULD BE BEST
IF YOU RETURNED
TO YOUR SEATS NOW.
HUH?
HEY, HOLD IT!
THE DIRECTOR'S
NOT EXPECTING YOU.
SORRY! BUT HE'S GOT SOME
EXPLAINING TO DO!
[GROAN]
DIRECTOR, LOOK, SIR,
THERE'S SOMETHING
I GOTTA SAY.
HMM?
IT'S MY OFFICIAL
POSITION THAT
YOU NEED TO STOP
THIS TOURNAMENT.
I THOUGHT YOUR OFFICIAL POSITION
WAS MALL SECURITY.
VERY FUNNY, BUT I FEEL
THIS TOURNAMENT
IS CURSED OR SOMETHING.
YOU WITNESSED
THE DAMAGE OF
THE LAST DUEL.
I'M CONCERNED THINGS'RE
GONNA GET WORSE.
OFFICER
I DON'T PAY YOU
TO BE CONCERNED.
BUT, SIR...
I PAY YOU TO DO WHAT I SAY.
AND AS FOR
WHAT YOU THINK,
IF I WAS GOING TO PAY
SOMEONE TO DO SOME THINKING,
IT MOST CERTAINLY
WOULD NOT BE YOU.
LANGLEY, PLEASE ESCORT
OFFICER TRUDGE OUT.
Yusei: IS LANGLEY
ONE OF THE GUYS
GUARDING THE DOOR?
Trudge: YUSEI.
'CAUSE HE'S, UH...
HE'S NAPPING.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
UP HERE, PUNK?
THAT'S ENOUGH.
HOW CAN I HELP YOU,
YUSEI?
BEFORE I SAY,
WEREN'T YOU GONNA
THROW HIM OUT?
AAARGH!
[GROWL]
THAT'S IT, GOODWIN!
I'M GONNA FIGURE OUT
WHAT YOU'RE UP TO.
YOU'RE GOIN' DOWN,
YOU'RE GONNA...
TIME TO TALK.
YOU FORCED ME
INTO THIS TOURNAMENT.
YOU THREATENED ME,
AND YOU LOCKED UP
MY FRIENDS.
I WANNA KNOW THE TRUTH.
I'M NOT DUELING JACK
UNTIL YOU TELL ME
WHY YOU'VE DONE THIS.
HA! ARE YOU DENSE,
YUSEI?
IT'S 'CAUSE OF THIS:
THIS MARK.
OH! SO I WASN'T
SEEING THINGS BEFORE!
HE WANTS
THE CRIMSON DRAGON'S
POWER,
SO HE'S BEEN TRYING TO
GATHER EVERYONE
WITH ITS MARK.
HE GOT ME HERE
BY LYING TO ME
AND BUTTERING ME UP
AND MANIPULATING ME.
OH, COME ON,
YOU'RE MAKING ME SOUND
SO DEVIOUS.
JACK, YOU WANTED TO BE
THE TURBO DUEL CHAMPION.
YEAH, BUT I WANTED
TO EARN THAT TITLE.
AT THIS POINT,
I'M STARTING TO THINK
THAT YOU'VE BEEN
RIGGING EVERYTHING.
I THINK
YOUR LITTLE PLAN
INVOLVED SETTING ME UP
AS BAIT FOR YUSEI.
HMM.
GOODWIN KNEW THAT
YOU WOULD COME AFTER ME
IF I DID EVERYTHING
EXACTLY AS HE ASKED ME TO.
ISN'T THAT RIGHT,
DIRECTOR?
DON'T BE RIDICULOUS.
I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW
ABOUT YUSEI
UNTIL YOU DUELED HIM
THAT NIGHT IN THE ARENA.
DO YOU HONESTLY
EXPECT ME TO BELIEVE
THAT THIS IS ALL SOME
BIG COINCIDENCE?
YOU NEEDED TO VERIFY
THAT YUSEI HAD A MARK.
SO YOU NEEDED
HIM AND I TO DUEL,
WITH PASSION!
SO YOU CREATED
A SITUATION
IN WHICH THE STAKES
WOULD BE AS HIGH AS POSSIBLE.
[PANTING]
Man: YA' CAN'T RUN FOREVER,
HALF-PINT!
WE AIN'T GONNA
HURT YA' TOO BAD!
[LAUGHTER]
WHOA! OH!
UNH!
HEY, HOW'D YOU
DO THAT JUST NOW?
UP THERE!
Rally: JACK!
YOU BOYS ARE TRESPASSING.
WHAT'RE YOU
TALKIN' ABOUT?
NOBODY STEPS OVER
THAT MEDIAN LINE.
HEY, COME ON, MAN,
BE COOL.
WE DON'T GOT
NO BEEF WITH YOU.
YOU DO NOW, MY FRIEND!
[ROAR]
[YELLING]
HA HA HA!
YEAH!
THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT!
HUH?
JACK? WHERE'D YA GO?
HA!
HEY, JACK.
SO THIS IS WHERE
YOU'RE HANGIN'
OUT THESE DAYS, HUH?...
NICE PLACE!
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
UH, I WANTED TO SAY
THANKS FOR EARLIER.
I WAS JUST PROTECTING
MY TURF, THAT'S ALL.
THINK NOTHING OF IT.
YUSEI JUST FINISHED
BUILDING THIS AWESOME
NEW DUEL RUNNER.
IT'S LOOKING
REALLY SWEET!
WE'RE DOING A TEST RUN
TOMORROW.
UH...
HEY, YOU SHOULD COME!
HE'S GONNA TRY TO BREAK
THE CANAL STREET RECORD!
IT'S GONNA BE GREAT!
[GRUNT]
COME ON! I KNOW
YOU AND YUSEI
HAD A LITTLE
FALLING OUT,
BUT IT'S BEEN
MONTHS.
CAN'T YOU GUYS
JUST SHAKE HANDS
AND MAKE UP?
UH, HELLO?
YOU SHOULD GET BACK
BEFORE IT GETS DARK.
YUSEI WON'T EVEN
TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED.
NOTHING HAPPENED.
IT'S JUST
PEOPLE CHANGE, RALLY.
WELL, OK, BUT...
I JUST WANT EVERYONE
TO GET ALONG AGAIN.
YOU GUYS WERE BEST FRIENDS.
BEST FRIENDS DON'T
JUST STOP BEING
BEST FRIENDS.
WELL, WE'LL BE
IN THE CANAL STREET TUNNEL
AT NOON
IF YOU
CHANGE YOUR MIND.
LATER, JACK!
[FOOTSTEPS]
[CLATTER]
HMM? WHO IS THAT?
SHOW YOURSELF!
Lazar:
QUITE A NICE PAD
YOU'VE GOT HERE.
VERY SPACIOUS.
THE MUST N' MOLD MOTIF
IS A BRAVE CHOICE.
WHO'RE YOU!?
OH, SILLY ME,
I FORGOT MY MANNERS.
MY NAME IS LAZAR,
MR. ATLAS.
AND I AM HERE
TO SEE YOU ON BEHALF OF
DIRECTOR REX GOODWIN.
IS THAT NAME SUPPOSED
TO MEAN SOMETHING TO ME?
DIRECTOR GOODWIN
WOULD LIKE TO EXTEND YOU
AN INVITATION.
HMM.
WE'VE BEEN
WATCHING YOU
FROM AFAR, JACK,
AND WE THINK YOU'RE
AN INCREDIBLE DUELIST.
A TALENT LIKE YOURS
IS BEING WASTED
OUT HERE
IN THE SATELLITE.
YOU HAVE WHAT IT TAKES
TO BE A CHAMPION, JACK,
TO SIT ON A REAL THRONE
AS THE KING
OF THE TURBO DUELS.
HAVEN'T YOU ALWAYS
WANTED TO BE A CHAMPION,
MR. ATLAS?
FURTHERMORE,
HAVEN'T YOU WONDERED
ABOUT THAT MARK
ON YOUR ARM?
[GIGGLE]
THAT'S RIGHT.
WE KNOW ALL ABOUT IT.
TOMORROW EVENING
AT 7:00,
THE MAINTENANCE
DEPARTMENT WILL
SHUT DOWN THE FLOW
IN THE MAIN PIPELINE
FOR ONE HOUR.
WE'LL BE WAITING
FOR YOU
ON THE OTHER SIDE,
MR. ATLAS.
HOWEVER, WE DO REQUIRE
THAT YOU BRING
ONE THING WITH YOU.
WE'VE HEARD THERE'S
ANOTHER DUELIST HERE,
SOME UP AND COMING
HOT SHOT.
HUH?
WE DON'T KNOW
MUCH ABOUT HIM
OTHER THAN THAT HE USES
THE STARDUST DRAGON CARD.
BUT SOME SAY
HE HAS WHAT IT TAKES
TO BE THE BEST.
YOU NEED TO FIND HIM
AND GET HIS
STARDUST DRAGON CARD.
THINK OF IT
AS YOUR TICKET
TO A NEW LIFE.
AND BELIEVE ME,
DIRECTOR GOODWIN
CAN GIVE YOU
A NEW LIFE, JACK.
NO ONE WILL KNOW YOU'RE
FROM THE SATELLITE.
YOU'LL BE
A RESPECTED RESIDENT
OF NEW DOMINO CITY.
YOU'LL HAVE
SCREAMING FANS.
YOU'LL ATTEND
FANCY PARTIES.
BUT, HEY, IF YOU
WANNA DWELL IN THE SLUMS
AND LIVE WITH
THE COCKROACHES
ALL YOUR LIFE,
YOU'RE WELCOME TO DO SO.
THE CHOICE IS YOURS,
JACK.
WHAT'S IT GOING TO BE?
HEY, JACK, UH,
WHY ARE WE
MEETING UP HERE?
I THINK I'D LIKE TO
COME WATCH YUSEI'S
TEST RUN AFTER ALL.
REALLY? WELL, THEN,
LET'S GET GOING.
SURE, BUT I NEED HELP
WITH SOMETHING FIRST.
HEH! WHATEVER
YOU NEED, JACK,
'CAUSE I STILL
OWE YA ONE FROM BEFORE!
YES, YOU DO...
WHERE'S RALLY?
HE'LL BE BUMMED
IF HE MISSES YUSEI
TEST OUT
HIS NEW DUEL RUNNER.
WHEN HE HEADED OUT
EARLIER,
HE SAID SOMETHING
ABOUT GOING TO
MEET UP WITH JACK.
HUH?
HE WENT TO SEE JACK?
WHAT A TRAITOR!
COME ON.
HMM?
RALLY CAN HANG OUT
WITH WHOEVER HE WANTS
T' HANG OUT WITH.
YEAH, BUT WHAT
ABOUT LOYALTY?
HUH?
HUH? JACK?
Jack: SOME EAST SIDE THUGS
JUST RAN OFF WITH RALLY.
THEY DID WHAT?
YOU GUYS GO UPTOWN,
I'LL HEAD DOWNTOWN!
LET'S SPLIT UP!
YUSEI, I FOUND HIM.
COME DOWN TO THE WATERFRONT
RIGHT AWAY.
HUH?
WHERE IS HE, JACK?
HE'S OUT THERE.
RALLY!
THE TIDE'S
STILL GOING OUT.
HE COULD BE SWEPT OUT
TO SEA.
AND THEN THERE'S
THAT BIG STORM FRONT
APPROACHING.
JACK, WHAT IS HE
DOING OUT THERE?
I GUESS THERE'S NO REASON
TO KEEP ON LYING TO YOU.
I PUT HIM OUT THERE.
WHATEVER YOU NEED,
JACK, 'CAUSE I STILL OWE
YA ONE FROM BEFORE.
YES, YOU DO...
AND NOW YOU'RE GOING
TO PAY ME BACK TENFOLD!
UNH!
[GROAN]
BUT RALLY'S YOUR FRIEND.
KNOW WHAT PEOPLE
ARE SAYING?
THAT YOU GOT
WHAT IT TAKES
TO BE THE BEST.
BUT WE BOTH KNOW
THAT'S NOT TRUE,
DON'T WE, YUSEI?
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
YOU CAN EITHER DUEL ME
AND PROVE YOURSELF,
OR YOU CAN SWIM OUT
THERE N' SAVE RALLY.
WHAT'LL IT BE?
[WHIMPERING]
WHAT'S MORE IMPORTANT
TO YOU, PROVING THAT
YOU'RE A TRUE DUELIST?
OR ARE YOU WILLING
TO PUT DUELING ASIDE
TO HELP
YOUR LITTLE FRIEND?
[GRUNT]
WHAT ARE YOU MADE OF?
UNH!
[THINKING]
PATHETIC.
YOU DON'T DESERVE TO HAVE
STARDUST DRAGON.
TIME FOR THAT TEST RUN.
OH. AAH!
[GURGLING]
[SPUTTERING]
[THINKING]
SO LONG, SATELLITE.
MAN, THIS IS
ALL MY FAULT.
I'M SO SORRY.
Jack: GOODWIN COULD NEVER
HAVE MADE YOU THE SAME OFFER
BECAUSE YOU WOULD'VE NEVER
LEFT YOUR FRIENDS BEHIND.
NOT FOR "FAME AND FORTUNE,"
ANYWAY.
I, ON THE OTHER HAND,
WALKED RIGHT INTO IT.
AND BY TRICKING ME
INTO TAKING YOUR CARD,
HE GAVE YOU A REASON
TO COME AFTER ME.
AND I THINK THAT BRINGS US
ALL UP TO SPEED, MORE OR LESS.
I HAVE A DEMAND TO MAKE.
YOU GOT WHAT YOU WANTED.
HE'S HERE, RIGHT?
LET HIS FRIENDS GO.
HE DOESN'T NEED TO BE COERCED.
I WANT THIS DUEL
TO BE LEGIT.
NO THREATS, NO GIMMICKS,
JUST US.
IF THAT IS WHAT
MY CHAMPION WANTS,
THEN SO BE IT.
[CLINK]
HUH?
[PANTING]
NO WAY! IT'S OPEN!
DON'T JOKE AROUND.
[GRUNTING]
Rally: ANYBODY KNOW
WHERE WE ARE?
Announcer: THE TIME HAS COME!
HEY, LOOK.
THE FINAL SHOWDOWN
IS ABOUT TO BEGIN!
SATELLITE'S VERY OWN YUSEI FUDO
HAS WON THE CHANCE
TO TAKE ON JACK ATLAS!
YUSEI IS DUELING JACK?
WHEN DID THIS HAPPEN?
HEY, LOOK.
LOOK AT HIS FACE!
Rally:
THEY MARKED HIM!
Tank:
GUESS YOU MISS A LOT
WHEN YOU'RE LOCKED UP.
THERE HE IS.
I WONDER IF GOODWIN
TOLD HIM WHAT HE
WANTED TO KNOW.
THEY'RE OK.
ARE YOU HAPPY?
YOU FINALLY
HAVE YOUR CHANCE
TO SETTLE THE SCORE
WITH ME.
I GUESS SO.
YOU KNOW,
FOR WHAT IT'S WORTH,
BIG SET-UP OR NOT,
I STILL THINK THAT
YOU'RE AN INCREDIBLE
DUELIST, JACK.
OF COURSE I AM!
[THINKING] SO YOU'RE REALLY
GONNA TRY TO SUMMON
THE CRIMSON DRAGON?
THIS SHOULD BE INTERESTING.
THIS IS IT.
I'M FINALLY
GOING TO SHOW YOU
THAT YOU DON'T HAVE
WHAT IT TAKES
TO BE THE BEST,
YUSEI,
YOU NEVER HAVE.
ARE YOU SURE
WE SHOULD BE DOING THIS
RIGHT NOW, JACK?
THERE'S STILL A LOT
WE DON'T KNOW ABOUT THE
CRIMSON DRAGON THING.
HA HA! THIS IS EXACTLY
WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT,
YUSEI,
YOU HAVE NO GUTS!
DON'T YOU WANT TO REVEAL
THE FIFTH SIGNER?
[THINKING]
THAT'S RIGHT!
YANAGI SAID THERE WERE
5 MARKS OF THE DRAGON.
SO THERE'S ME, LUNA,
JACK, AND AKIZA.
AND IF JACK'S RIGHT...
THEN THAT MEANS
THERE'S GOTTA BE
ONE MORE SIGNER
IN THE ARENA.
BUT WHO IS IT?
ALL RIGHT, IT'S TIME TO ACTIVATE
THE SPEED WORLD FIELD SPELL!
THIS IS THE MOMENT.
WILL JACK ATLAS
CONTINUE TO REIGN
AS THE KING OF TURBO DUELS?
OR WILL HE BE DETHRONED
BY SATELLITE'S SHOOTING STAR?
IT'S TIME TO FIND OUT!
[CHEERING]
ADMIT IT, YUSEI.
THE ROAR OF THE CROWD
IS MORE APPEALING
THAN THE SCAMPER
OF THE RATS.
LET'S JUST DUEL.
I'M SUMMONING OUT
MY SHIELD WING
IN DEFENSE MODE!
NEXT I PLACE
TWO CARDS FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
IN THAT CASE,
I SUMMON TWIN-SWORD
MARAUDER IN ATTACK MODE!
YOU MAY HAVE JUST
SCRAPPED YOUR WAY
TO THE TITLE MATCH,
BUT THOSE OTHER DUELISTS
WERE JUST AMATEURS
COMPARED TO ME.
NOW ALLOW
MY TWIN SWORD MARAUDER
TO GIVE YOU
A PROPER WELCOME TO
THE BIG LEAGUES, YUSEI!
UNH!
YOU HAVEN'T GROWN A BIT
AS A DUELIST
SINCE THE DAYS OF
RIDING AROUND IN THE SEWERS.
I CAN STILL ANTICIPATE
YOUR GAME AND STAY
TWO STEPS AHEAD OF YOU.
THEN YOU SHOULD KNOW
THAT SHIELD WING
CAN'T BE DESTROYED
IN ONE ATTACK,
IT HAS TO BE
DEFEATED TWICE.
I DO KNOW THAT!
AND WHEN
TWIN-SWORD MARAUDER
ATTACKS A MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE,
IT CAN ATTACK AGAIN!
HUH!
I SAID THAT I WAS TWO STEPS
AHEAD OF YOU, YUSEI,
NOT JUST ONE.
GO!
DOUBLE MARAUDER MAYHEM!
[GRUNT]
AND TO END
MY FIRST TURN,
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
[THINKING]
I ALREADY HAVE IN MY HAND
THE CARD THAT WILL
LEAD ME TO VICTORY
AND SETTLE THIS MATTER
ONCE AND FOR ALL!
YOU CAN'T DEFEAT ME,
YUSEI!
WE'LL SEE, JACK!
[THINKING]
METEOR STREAM.
JACK MIGHT BE
EXPECTING THIS
SINCE I BEAT HIM
WITH IT BEFORE,
SO I BETTER HOLD OFF
ON USING IT FOR NOW.
FROM MY HAND,
I SUMMON JUNK SYNCHRON.
HMM!
AND NOW I'M GOING TO
TUNE MY JUNK SYNCHRON
WITH MY SHIELD WING
IN ORDER TO
SYNCHRO SUMMON
JUNK WARRIOR!
LET'S REV IT UP!
Computer: JUNK WARRIOR
IS a LEVEL 5 DARK ATTRIBUTE
WARRIOR TYPE SYNCHRO MONSTER
WITH 2,300 ATTACK POINTS
AND 1,300 DEFENSE POINTS.
NOW TAKE OUT
THAT MARAUDER!
UGH.
NEXT,
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP CARD:
SYNCHRO BLAST!
NOW,
WHEN MY WARRIOR ATTACKS,
SYNCHRO BLAST
CAN SLAM YOU WITH
500 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
NOW YOU'RE DUELING, YUSEI,
BUT YOU WON'T BE FOR LONG!
BECAUSE FROM MY HAND,
I SUMMON DARK TINKER!
[SHRIEKING]
THEN I ACTIVATE
THE POWERFUL REBIRTH
TRAP CARD!
AND WITH THIS CARD,
I CAN RE-SUMMON
TWIN-SWORD MARAUDER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
ALL RIGHT!
DARK TINKER
IS ONLY LEVEL 3.
AND THAT SWORD MARAUDER
IS A LEVEL 4.
SO HE HASN'T GOT
THE POWER
THAT HE NEEDS
TO SUMMON
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND.
THIS IS
YOUR CHANCE, YUSEI!
NOW THE MONSTER
RESURRECTED
BY POWERFUL REBIRTH
GAINS 100 ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS,
AND ITS LEVEL
INCREASES BY 1.
WHAT?
HUH?
YUSEI, I'M THE BEST
TURBO DUELIST
NEW DOMINO CITY
HAS EVER SEEN,
AND THAT MOVE
I JUST MADE
WAS ONE MORE EXAMPLE
OF WHY I'M THE CHAMP.
AND NOW I'M GOING
TO SHOW YOU
WHY I'M GOING
TO REMAIN THE CHAMP...
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
[GASPING]
MAN, HE'S NOT
WASTING ANY TIME.
[THINKING]
BACK IN THE SATELLITE,
I KNEW THAT IN ORDER
TO REALIZE MY FULL POTENTIAL
AND TO CLIMB UP
FROM THE BOTTOM
OF THE WORLD,
I HAD TO THROW AWAY
EVERYTHING.
I HAD TO TURN MY BACK
ON THE SATELLITE,
ON MY FRIENDS.
NOTHING WAS
MORE IMPORTANT TO ME
THAN BEING THE BEST.
BUT NOW HERE YOU COME,
AND YOU'RE TRYING
TO TAKE ME DOWN?
YOU'RE NOT A REAL DUELIST.
YOU HAVEN'T HAD
TO SACRIFICE ANYTHING.
YOU ALWAYS
PUT DUELING SECOND.
WELL, I'M FINALLY
GOING TO PUT YOU
IN YOUR PLACE!